It's Henry the father of your child.
I'm right, aren't I?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I know that you're hiding something.
What exactly happened to me with both of you, huh?
You can tell me, Sarah.
You know, I, I, I shouldn't have done that before.
The Lord secretly changed so in order to,
and here at my mom's hotel, I have to have a child.
And when I found out that information,
I was with Henry, and I...
And what?
I wouldn't, I wouldn't have done it, you know?
I wouldn't have done it if I knew that he was the Mr. Wilson.
I wouldn't have done it if I knew he was stealing.
Emily? Yeah.
I wouldn't have done any of it. I wouldn't,
I wouldn't have slept with him, you know?
It's okay.
What are you gonna do now?
Are you gonna tell him?